MCP server implementation & Abilities for options and Rocket Insights (#8180)
wp-media/wp-rocket: .aiassistant/skills/wordpress-ability/SKILL.md

---
name: wordpress-ability

> description: Use this skill when writing code to add new WordPress abilities

Reviewer: Small one here:
This would only trigger on `adding` abilities. We could say `when adding or modifying Wordpress abilities` so it would fire when editing existing ones too. I think it could be worth it. 

```suggestion
description: Use this skill when adding or modifying WordPress abilities
```

---

# WordPress ability core functions

- wp_register_ability( string $name, array $args ) to register a new ability
- wp_register_ability_category( string $slug, array $args ) to register a new ability category

> Always check if the function exists before calling it, to ensure compatibility with WordPress versions prior to 6.9.

Reviewer: Small inconsistency: the `Options` abilities all have the `function_exists()` guard, but `AddPageInsights::register()`, `GetInsightsScore::register()` and `register_rocket_insights_category()` call `wp_register_ability()` directly without it. 

Either way the skill and the code should match, otherwise the next agent will copy whichever file it reads first. 

```suggestion
Always check if the function exists before calling it, to ensure compatibility with WordPress versions prior to 6.9:

~~~php
if ( ! function_exists( 'wp_register_ability' ) ) {
    return;
}
~~~
```

# Adding a new ability

To add a new ability, follow these steps:

> - One ability = one class implementing `Ability_Interface`

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `AbilitiesInterface` based on 
https://github.com/wp-media/wp-rocket/pull/8180/changes#diff-2f65a5e885aed5167e5efb5d2a3fc506b0611727ffe81fa81abd662605b458b6R6 ?

- Place the class adjacent to the feature it belongs to
- Register the ability class in the feature's `ServiceProvider`
- Register the ability in the related subscriber, using the `wp_abilities_api_init` hook

An ability must be associated to an ability category. If the category doesn't exist yet, register a new one in the related subscriber using the `wp_abilities_api_categories_init` hook.

Make the ability available to the REST API and the MCP by adding meta.show_in_rest=true and meta.mcp.public=true when registering the ability, unless explicitly required otherwise.

> # testing

Reviewer: All title in this file follow the convention of having a caps on first letter, but not this one. 
```suggestion
# Testing
```
